python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Iris --resfile grid_search_results/iris_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Iris --resfile grid_search_results/iris_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Iris --resfile grid_search_results/iris_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Iris --resfile grid_search_results/iris_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Iris --resfile grid_search_results/iris_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Iris --resfile grid_search_results/iris_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Iris --resfile grid_search_results/iris_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Accent --resfile grid_search_results/accent_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Accent --resfile grid_search_results/accent_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Accent --resfile grid_search_results/accent_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Accent --resfile grid_search_results/accent_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Accent --resfile grid_search_results/accent_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Accent --resfile grid_search_results/accent_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Accent --resfile grid_search_results/accent_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Ecoli --resfile grid_search_results/ecoli_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Ecoli --resfile grid_search_results/ecoli_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Ecoli --resfile grid_search_results/ecoli_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Ecoli --resfile grid_search_results/ecoli_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Ecoli --resfile grid_search_results/ecoli_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Ecoli --resfile grid_search_results/ecoli_grid_val.csv 
python main_experimens.py --run_grid True --dataset Ecoli --resfile grid_search_results/ecoli_grid_val.csv 
